Adding storage gloss terms (#335)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/n.adoc

// OCP: Added "In Red Hat OpenShift, namespace is"

[[n-way-replication]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] n-way replication (noun)

> *Description*: Generically, refers to data being copied to multiple storage devices so that _n_ copies are available in the storage cluster as a whole. This term is generally only used in Red Hat Gluster Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: The term _n-way replication_ is a generic phrase that refers to data being copied to multiple storage devices so that _n_ copies are available in the storage cluster as a whole. This phrase is only used in Red Hat Gluster Storage.
```

*See also*:

[[network-time-configuration]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Network Time Configuration (noun)

> *Description*: Configuration for synchronizing time across all storage servers by using NTP (Network Time Protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Network Time Configuration_ refers to using NTP (Network Time Protocol)  to synchronize time settings across all storage servers. 
```
